[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is the Asus Transformer 3 pro
now it looks very similar to the surface
lineup in particular the surface pro 4
it's obviously been inspired by that
lineup but this has one big difference
this device has a Thunderbolt 3 port so
it allows external GPU connections now
as of right now this is the only tablet
that allows that future surface products
and future tablets might allow it but
right now this is the only one in terms
of its build it feels pretty similar to
the surface pro 4 glass up front
magnesium shell the kickstand on the
back can be adjusted to any position
it's stiff it'll hold its position but
I'm not sure about long-term durability
the mechanism looks like it works
through friction between two metal parts
and I don't know if that will wear down
over time but it's been working great
for the past couple of months so yeah I
think it should be ok using it as a
tablet it feels pretty comfortable to
use it's a different shape from the
surface product so those kind of have a
bevel on the edge this doesn't have that
it's a different feel but it's still
very comfortable to use now I prefer
using these two non devices with the
detachable keyboards I find that I mean
there are devices that have the flip
around keyboards like the yoga products
and the new XPS 13 I mean this is just
personal preference but I like being
able to use my tablet one hand without
feeling the bottom of the keyboard
underneath I like that some people are
going to be different it's just a matter
of personal preference port selection on
tablets is never amazing on one side you
have your standard micro SD slot and a
volume rocker and on the other side we
have USB 3 HDMI port and that
Thunderbolt 3 port this model here is
$1600 u.s. and it includes a stylus and
the attachable keyboard the surface pro
4 has a slightly stronger connection I
think like the magnets are stronger but
this is still pretty secure the keyboard
is backlit it has a great layout like I
wouldn't change a thing on it
considering the smaller real estate it
has to work with you can have it go flat
or you can have it tilted on an angle
both are comfortable use it's actually
really comfortable to use on your lap as
well everything feels solid the typing
experience is good
not amazing decent key travel but the
keys are a little softer or just spongy
ER than I'd like it to be and when you
close it there's
magnets on the other end to keep it
closed like on surface products the
trackpad could be better it uses Windows
precision drivers so I had high hopes
its glass and the texture is good but
the cursor jumps around sometimes not
often but enough for it to be a little
bit annoying I don't think it's hardware
I think a software update would fix it
but as of right now in early January
2017 it's still an issue the stylus
feels really similar if not identical to
the stylus for surface products it
doesn't attach magnetically though so
you got to bring it around with you like
a regular pen the screen is twelve point
six inches 20 and 80 by 1920 pretty
high-res there's letterboxing in most
videos because of the aspect ratio up
that's just the nature of tablet screens
it has very good color gamut and color
accuracy out of the box it's not as
bright as I feel like it could be or
should be I mean it's bright for a
laptop but because it's a tablet as well
I kind of feel that in some environments
like if you're outdoors it can feel a
little dim it's running a sky like CPU
you can get it in either an i5 or an i7
both with Intel HD 520 graphics 16 gigs
of ram and solid-state drives the 512
gig drive in my unit isn't particularly
fast I think it's a SATA drive but I
have seen units with newer manufacturing
dates that had nvme drives in them you
can't upgrade the RAM or the drive I
mean you can configure it at purchase
but you can't open it up and upgrade it
yourself performance for regular use is
good it feels pretty snappy particularly
with the i7 now if you stress this thing
hard like on benchmarks or if you want
to edit videos there is noticeable CPU
throttling and gaming performance on the
integrated HD 520 isn't that good but
when you connect it to an external GPU
using the Thunderbolt 3 port that is
where this thing shines so if you're not
familiar with an external GPU it's a box
and you basically stick a desktop grade
GPU in there so anything from in video
or AMD and then you get desktop GPU
capabilities in your device so the Asus
Transformer 3 Pro was originally
designed to work with the ACS XG station
2 that's not out yet it will be soon but
in the meantime it actually works quite
well with the razor core you got to
install some thunder about three drivers
and you need to get some software to run
the whole Razer synapse thing but it
works depending on the card you put in
here you can get some amazing
performance it's a pretty standard
performance trial
around ten to fifteen percent less than
a desktop because of the federal three
bandwidth limitations but it's still
good remember though that performance
drop that ten to fifteen percent number
is only if you're using an external
monitor if you don't want to use a
monitor and you want to pipe it back to
the display on the transformer three Pro
you lose even more performance we're
looking at twenty to twenty five percent
and if you're curious that Thunderbolt
three cable will power and charge the
tablet so it's a pretty sweet setup
something like overwatch doesn't have
great performance on the integrated HD
520 but I connected to gcx 1080 and you
can get some ridiculously good frame
rates one thing to keep in mind this is
a two core CPU there's plenty of games
that will run great on a two core CPU
but there are games that are more CPU
dependent that would do better on a quad
core so you got to research your game if
you want specific benchmarks now in
terms of a GPU recommendation because
this is a two core CPU and because it
doesn't get to clock full speed because
of the CPU throttling I'd recommend
maybe a GTX 1060 or even a 980 if you
know your budgets a little bit lower but
you don't want to just spend money on a
card that you can't really make proper
use of VR also had problems working I
tried connecting an HTC vive had issues
I'm not sure if it's because like a port
limitation there is only one USB port on
the tablet the keyboard is actually not
bad for gaming it's kind of strange
because it's not even a real keyboard
it's a keyboard cover I mean it's not
gonna cut it for a 408 PM Starcraft
player but it's a very usable keyword
for games there's an exhaust up top it
doesn't interfere when you're playing
games but if you're using some more
demanding applications while you're
holding it in portrait as a tablet it
gets pretty warm up there the fans don't
spin when it's idle but when it kicks in
it's audible it's not super annoying or
super loud or anything but you'll know
when it's on speakers are upfront Harmon
carmen branded but they're very average
sounding they don't get too loud and the
bass is pretty weak the front webcam is
1080p and it has infrared so it supports
Windows hello for login which is pretty
cool the back camera is 13 megapixel it
doesn't look great but I doubt many
people are gonna use this anyway so
whatever battery life on this thing is
relatively short it's a 39 watt hour
battery normal use like doing work we're
getting around 5 hours of life with the
screen at 215 it's watching movies
you'll get around 3 and a half hours
which is enough to finish most movies
but for a tablet the battery life is
definitely on the
end of the spectrum now overall I really
like this setup I don't think that this
particular model like the transformer 3
Pro is the perfect version of this
particularly the battery life but this
is the only one you can do it on right
now
I love the fact that it's a tablet when
you want it to be you can connect a
keyboard when you want to type or just
go ham on a keyboard and even external
GPU if you want to play games it's a
super modular system and I think this is
a really good direction for mobile
computing I think if I wasn't making
youtube videos I would definitely try to
make this thing my daily driver hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it subs have you loved it it's
been nice and I'll see you guys next
time
you
[Music]